README.md, before:

# WCT³-CLI

WCT³ (WIAI Course Timetabling Tool) is a software that strives to automate the 
timetabling process at the WIAI faculty of the University of Bamberg. It was 
developed by [Nicolas Gross](https://github.com/nicolasgross) as part of his 
bachelor thesis at the Software Technologies Research Group (SWT).

This is the CLI module of WCT³. It comprises a command line interface to be 
able to run the algorithms without using a GUI.


## Notice

Because of an unresolved issue in the JAXB framework, warning messages are
printed to stdout if a XML file is parsed/written. The corresponding issue on 
GitHub can be found [here](https://github.com/javaee/jaxb-v2/issues/1197).


## Build

### Requirements

- Oracle JDK 10
- maven
- libwcttt

### Steps

1. Install libwcttt in the local maven repository
2. `cd [PATH_TO_PROJECT_ROOT]`
3. `mvn clean package` 


## Run

### Requirements

- Oracle JDK/JRE 10

### Command

`java -jar [PATH_TO_PROJECT_ROOT]/target/wcttt-cli-[VERSION].jar`


## License

This software is released under the terms of the GPLv3.

Commit message:

State Java version more precisely

README.md, after:

# WCT³-CLI

WCT³ (WIAI Course Timetabling Tool) is a software that strives to automate the 
timetabling process at the WIAI faculty of the University of Bamberg. It was 
developed by [Nicolas Gross](https://github.com/nicolasgross) as part of his 
bachelor thesis at the Software Technologies Research Group (SWT).

This is the CLI module of WCT³. It comprises a command line interface to be 
able to run the algorithms without using a GUI.


## Notice

Because of an unresolved issue in the JAXB framework, warning messages are
printed to stdout if a XML file is parsed/written. The corresponding issue on 
GitHub can be found [here](https://github.com/javaee/jaxb-v2/issues/1197).


## Build

### Requirements

- Oracle JDK, version 10 or higher
- maven
- libwcttt

### Steps

1. Install libwcttt in the local maven repository
2. `cd [PATH_TO_PROJECT_ROOT]`
3. `mvn clean package` 


## Run

### Requirements

- Oracle JDK/JRE, version 10 or higher

### Command

`java -jar [PATH_TO_PROJECT_ROOT]/target/wcttt-cli-[VERSION].jar`


## License

This software is released under the terms of the GPLv3.
